>> [BACKGROUND MUSIC] And
I think many people today
don't know what to
believe anymore.
>> People are basically going
to keep on to help uncover what
really happened.
>> I felt like something
was watching me.
>> We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>> And now, the host of the
nationally-syndicated "Coast
to Coast AM" and Gaiam TV
bring you "Beyond Belief"
with George Noory.
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well, hello.
And welcome to "Beyond Belief."
You know, I have
always been amazed
with psychics, people
who have the ability
to glance into the
future and tell us
things that will happen, things
that will affect all of us.
One such psychic was born
in France in the same region
that Nostradamus was born.
He was incredible with what
he does and his prolific ways
of the future.
As a matter of fact,
let's take a look.
>> Louis is 15 years old and
staying with his grandmother,
Rachelle [? Derollo. ?] In
the middle of the night,
he's awakened by a sound.
Downstairs, he is surprised
to see his grandma, dressing
and disappearing into the dark.
>> I instinctively knew
I had to investigate.
>> Louis follows her.
At a clearing deep
in the woods, he
discovers the old lady
looking to the heavens
through a sextant.
>> I was mesmerized
to look at her.
>> As Louis comes out
of his hiding place,
his grandmother has
a message for him.
>> She was telling me the stars
are more than dead rock hanging
out there for the
sake of beauty.
I realized that
reading tea leaves
and the tarot cards, astrology,
it is part of my background.
That's how it all started.
>>NOORY: Please
welcome Dr. Louis Turi.
[APPLAUSE]
>>LOUIS TURI: Thank you.
>>NOORY: How are you, my friend?
So your grandmother had
a great influence in you.
>>TURI: Indeed-- big
influence, I might add,
that changed my life.
>>NOORY: When this
first happened to you,
when you started learning things
that she helped teach you,
I mean, was it scary?
Or did you just
accept it right away?
>>TURI: I believe everything
is written in the stars.
Your fate is already preset.
And, of course,
the interaction I
had with all the
extraterrestrials since then
led me to what I'm doing today.
But indeed, it was a
pretty interesting time
when I was going out with her.
>>NOORY: How long had she
had she been doing that?
>>TURI: Forever.
This has been going
on in our families--
I guess I have some gypsy in me.
[BOTH CHUCKLING]
Whatever it is, but the
legacy is very real.
And as I said, it's all
written in the stars.
>>NOORY: And she taught
you about the stars.
>>TURI: She taught me
to keep an open mind,
to realize that what cannot be
seen or touched doesn't really
mean doesn't exist.
That's what I've
learned from her.
>>NOORY: Louis, lots of
things happen to people,
good things, bad things.
Is it all related to the
cosmic code and events
that will unfold to
affect people's lives?
>>TURI: Indeed.
There are no accidents.
There are only cosmic
circumstances that are unknown
and [? unheeded ?] just yet
by 99.9% of the people walking
this Earth, including science.
>>NOORY: You have made
some incredible predictions
on "Coast to Coast."
And we look at those
chronologies of the dates
that you give us,
and strange things
do happen on those dates.
And you've hit many
of those events
with some frightening accuracy.
These events seem to be all
pretty sad, all dangerous.
Why is prophecy that way?
Why can't prophecy say
things will be great?
>>TURI: Yeah, I wish
I had only good news.
It doesn't work that way.
In fact, 18 days prior to the
loss of a fireman in Arizona,
I wrote everything in detail.
I put it on
Facebook, on Twitter.
I put it on my website.
All my Cosmic Code
[INAUDIBLE] can certify it.
It's still on the internet.
What I'm trying to say
is the stars don't care.
They just do.
It's pretty much
like God creating
an earthquake or a tsunami
and killing innocent children.
If you don't have
cosmic consciousness,
you're going to be
doing things, and you're
going to pay the price.
You respect the laws of
when you're in the street.
If you see the stop
sign or the red light,
you're been taught to
respect the laws of physics.
But because you do not see
the other side of my hand
doesn't mean it doesn't exist.
There is another set of laws.
Those laws are written
in light by God himself.
In fact, this is how God
speaks through his children,
through the signs.
And let me refer to what
happened [? suddenly. ?]
May God bless the soul of all
these very courageous firemen.
It really hurts every one of us.
During that very
precise time-- there
is a planet called Mercury,
the messengers of the gods,
that rules the sign of
Gemini, George Noory.
They are born in June like you.
And this planet is
currently going retrograde,
and this means
people of the past
are going to be brought
back into your life.
That's why we are connecting
after so many months I've not
seen you.
This planet rules
transportation.
That's why we have
trains that crash.
plane that crashes.
And that's why if
you have a plane,
you can be sure it's
going to be messed up.
I'm sure you probably
already have experienced
what Mercury retrograde
is all about,
not necessarily on a good side.
Like we did enjoy ourselves
today with the beautiful public
here.
But in terms of
your private life,
you have to ask yourself, you
have to [INAUDIBLE] and say,
what did happen to
me last few days?
Have I seen some people I
haven't seen for a long time?
Did my washer-dryer mess up?
Did my car break down?
Did I get a flat tire?
Suddenly, you are the lucky one.
Because look how many people
died in those two plane crash
and those two train crash.
>>NOORY: In Canada, yeah.
>>TURI: Not to forget, of
course, the miscommunication
involving this guy
on top of a mountain,
did not know that when
Mercury is retrograde,
the wind change in a matter
of a second. [SNAPS FINGERS]
The next thing you know maybe
his talkie-walkie didn't work.
There is so many element.
And again, if you don't
have cosmic consciousness,
if you're not prepared, George,
you are going to pay the price.
And this is why I'm here for.
>>NOORY: And it's funny.
You mentioned two things,
planes and a washer and dryer.
In my particular
case, as insignificant
as it might be compared
to what has been going on
in this planet, I was at an
event some time ago in Toronto,
and it took me 10
hours to get back home.
Mechanical problems on the
plane, they had to take us off.
You had 150 people
trying to change
their planes with one ticket
teller in a foreign country.
It was a disaster.
I finally got home
after 10 hours.
And my son and his
wife and his two kids
are living in my St.
Louis home right now.
And you know the way it is.
Parents help their kids, right?
And so the laundry was
piled up, and I decided,
well, I've got to do
some washing for myself.
I've been traveling
for a couple of weeks.
The dryer didn't work.
This thing has worked for
12 years like clockwork.
How would you mention
that all of a sudden?
>>TURI: George, again,
I repeat myself.
There are no accidents,
only cosmic circumstances.
You'll suffer on it
if you don't build
enough cosmic consciousness.
In fact, imagine me in 1912
screaming to Captain Smith,
don't get into the "Titanic!"
You guys are going to sink!
>>NOORY: They'd lock you up.
>>TURI: Exactly.
The fact of the matter
is this exact same cosmic
[? predictions ?] were in place.
Exactly the same thing
was that Italian ship also
that sank not long ago.
If people could just stop
being skeptical-- because we're
building a society of
agnostics, skeptic, critics.
If we could stop these
attitudes and open up
to the understanding of how
God speaks to his children
through the sign--
I mean, if you look at the
Bible, in the Bible it is said,
I will talk to you.
You won't see me.
I will present myself to you.
You won't hear me.
That means you have to
raise your awareness
to the cosmic design.
The magic, and the beauty
of the universal mind
is that it's interacting
directly with your mind.
But scientists do
not understand that.
They think everything
start and finish
within the conception
of the mind.
No, no, no, excuse me.
There is no difference between
George's beautiful mind,
my mind, the one of the killer,
or yours-- same density,
same wiring, same weight.
What's different?
the UCI, a term that
I have developed
with my student, which stands
for Unique Celestial Identity.
At the very moment you
re-integrated yourself
on this dense,
physical world, you
inherited a set of stars
that make you who you are.
And even though you are
extraordinary DNA-wise,
100% connected with
your family member--
your mother, your
sister, your brother--
you're bigger strangers.
Because he, she doesn't
have the same UCI.
He hasn't been computerized
by the universal mind for you
to think, to behave, or
to have the same fate.
And that's where I'm
coming from, George.
Like you-- do you think it's
an accident for you to be right
here, right now, like Art Bell?
When both of you
were born in June,
the messengers of the God,
to represent communication.
The ancient Mayan, a
disappeared civilization,
always views their
life through the stars.
And in Greek mythology
specifically, they
have a God called
Mercury is the god who
had some wings on his heels,
and he is a messenger of God.
That's what God
wishes you to do.
He wants you to be a
messenger, a mediator,
to check into everybody's
values and gifts
and share it to the
rest of the world.
That's why you're here,
George-- no accident.
>>NOORY: When you see
things in the future,
can they be changed?
Because you've been
on our program.
You've given people months'
warnings about events,
and they happen.
Why can't they change them?
Why can't they stop them?
>>TURI: Now, that's again--
let me point out something.
The future is nothing else
than the reincarnations
of your thought.
I repeat myself.
Your future is nothing
else than the reincarnation
of your thought, OK?
So if you understand
the cosmic code
and understand
you're on a program,
you won't be at the wrong
time or the wrong place.
You will be at the right
time at the right place.
So that's what
makes the difference
between suffering the
price of cosmic ignorance
or being educated cosmically.
So you do have the potential.
In fact, our thought process
is like a laser beam that
can alter not only your
own atomic structure, which
is part of the medical
aspect of my work,
but you can also alter
the direction of humanity.
But if you don't educate
people on the power
of the superconscious in
time and space, how can
they get somewhere?
You've got religious fears.
You've got skepticism.
You've got all
sorts of wars that
are there to stop
humanity to increase
his own cosmic consciousness.
As I said earlier,
we are building,
George, a society of
agnostic, atheists, skeptics,
and scientists, and they're
all distancing themselves
from the spirit and from the
face and the truth of God.
And that's wrong.
You cannot let go
of the creator.
>>NOORY: So if we're
aware of these events,
we can alter things
within ourselves.
>>TURI: On a personal
level, indeed.
I wrote a book called
"Beyond the Secret,"
where I gave all these
little trick on how to--
I wouldn't say "manipulate."
It's not the right word.
But to--
>>NOORY: Alter?
>>TURI: Alter the
energy and make
a good use of your
superconscious
in time and space.
It's all about education.
You got people from all
over history, George,
that have tried to save
the world with love.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
Doesn't work.
>>TURI: Gandhi.
You've got to have the very
serious laws of education
with it.
And there is only
such a limited amount
of people who have
cosmic consciousness.
I'd say only my
students. [LAUGHING]
And [INAUDIBLE] to have
trust me in my line of work.
But my mission is
to prepare humanity
for the incredible changes
that are taking place
right now in reconnecting
with the creator
and understand that God created
the stars in the heavens
for much more than the
sake of beauty, George.
He gave it to us
for interpretation
so that we may lead a
safer, more productive life.
But unless we cast
down, cast the way
the fears, the religious
poisoning, the skepticism,
and we start to bring back
into our college, university,
astral psychology and having
accepted as a [? solid ?]
discipline, the change
will be taking place,
but in a much longer time.
>>NOORY: Let's
take some questions
for Dr. Louis Turi, the psychic.
Who's got one?
Yes, sir.
>>AUDIENCE: Many physicists
and neurophysiologists
believe that we're living in
a holographic universe, which
might be part of a
program playing out, which
could include
mystical experiences,
out-of-body experiences,
and telepathy, for example.
What do you think?
>>TURI: You have to be born
with the UCI, Unique Celestial
Identity, in order to
enter the archetypal realm
of consciousness.
If you were a
student of mine, you
would know that Nostradamus,
Edgar Cayce, Madame Blavatsky,
which are top
prophets and healers,
all have the same dragon
into the sign of Pisces that
regulate the subconscious.
So you gotta have--
there are people,
you can do anything you
want, you would never
teach them how to think.
You could do anything
you want, there
are no schools that are going
to produce an Einstein or Mozart
or Beethoven.
You've got to have
it, and it's already
within your spiritual
DNA, or your UCI,
that you will be
able to uncover this.
Another thing I'd like clarify,
George is calling me a psychic.
Even though that my mother
says that I'm more of a psychic
than I want to
believe, I actually
use a software, the
same type of software
that NASA uses to send the
shuttle into the universe,
with the only difference, of
course, that I plot the stars.
Because the stars are
much more than dead rocks
hanging there for
the sake of beauty.
They have an inner
life and inner values
that you need to understand.
It's just it's just a
miracle that nowadays
curiosity override education.
So you need to take
a chance on yourself
and to challenge
yourself in doing things
that you've never done before.
If I ask how many of you
in the audience today--
how many of you have
been under their stars
to see how they stand
under those stars?
In other word, how
do you understand?
The very word
"understand" came from.
Would you please
raise your hand?
How many of you have done
an astrological chart?
Shame.
>>NOORY: Not a lot of people.
>>TURI: One, two, three, four.
Don't be shy.
So when you look at it,
George, what do they have left?
Religious material, archaic
religious material, I may add,
that kill people last
2,000, or science.
And if you try to look
for the keys of what
it means to be human, digging
into religion and science,
you will never get it.
>>NOORY: You won't
get your answers.
>>TURI: It's not there.
It's in the cosmic code.
>>NOORY: Let's take another
question for Dr. Louis Turi.
Sure, right over here.
>>AUDIENCE: I'm just curious.
There are so many
different-- like you
can go online and see so many
different astrology charts.
There's the Chinese astrology.
There's Western astrology.
There's your astrology as
far as the Nostradamus.
Why are they so
different if you're
trying to find out information
about yourself and your chart?
They can be so different.
I don't understand like which
one is the most accurate.
How do you find the correct
one to just help you out
if you're trying to learn more
knowledge about the subject?
>>TURI: I got that a
lot from my students.
Basically, you
have only 12 energy
that represent the
12 hours of the day,
the 12 months of the year,
the 12 apostles, the 12
signs, the 12 jury, the
12 tribes of Israel,
the 12 notes of
music, the year 2012.
So would it be
[INAUDIBLE] or oriental,
astrology is based upon
those 12 specific energy,
which is the essence of Jesus'
ministers, or the apostles.
So in my case, I have studied
Nostradamus' 16th century
methodology.
And Nostradamus 500
years ago, George,
didn't have a watch
or a computer.
Astrology is an art.
So if you start to get
lost, missing the forest
for the trees because
you're into mathematics,
good luck to you.
Now, the way I
teach my students is
all about metaphor,
symbolism, intuition.
And you've got to
have the right UCI.
If you don't, there
is a very specific way
to reach you and educate you.
But ultimately,
in different areas
of the world is
different philosophy,
but when it comes down to
it, it's the same thing.
You're just referring
to 12 energy.
Again, I repeat
myself-- the 12 hours
of the day, the 12 months of
the year, the 12 apostle, the 12
signs, the 12 jury,
et cetera, et cetera.
In fact, on my website, I do
have pictures of the popes--
every one of them--
being taught astrology
by the Vatican Council.
Do you expect them to
give you that knowledge?
No.
Knowledge is power.
Ignorance is evil.
If they keep you down there
with your fears and whatever
it is to stop you progressing,
physically, psychically,
gathering cosmic
consciousness, good for them,
because they can control
your wallet at the same time.
>>NOORY: Let's go to
our "Beyond Belief" cam
for a question for
Dr. Louis Turi.
>> Hi, Dr. Turi.
My name is Jason, and
I'm from Los Angeles.
My question for you is,
does the cosmic code
determine a person's good
and bad luck in life?
>>NOORY: The cosmic code, does
it determine your good luck,
your bad luck?
>>TURI: Indeed, indeed.
In fact, I developed the top of
the top, the latest discovery
in astrology.
I own it.
Is called your cosmic rhythm,
your lucky, unlucky window
dates.
There are days when
you're going to get up,
and anything you
try and do-- bang--
you're going to have a problem.
And there is days
where everything works.
You know, when something
happens dramatic on television,
especially when it's
a famous person,
I can always refer
or ask my students
to give me the date of birth
of the person in question.
And each time without
failure, the person
is on the lower
side of the month.
Remember, up and down; black
and white; the front, the back;
God, devil; the yin and yang.
You've got to
understand that you're
going to have days
where you're up,
and you're going to have
days where you're down.
And I can plot all this
through my software.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
Did you create the software?
>>TURI: I created the
first page of the software.
It's already a software that
is used by any astrologers
out there.
And it has every
single option for you
to dig into astrology,
the astrology you learn.
But in this software, you have
the astropsychology software,
which involves the dragon.
And that's what
Nostradamus was digging
most into to do his prediction.
And that is the main difference.
It's an updated, arranged,
Dr. Turi [INAUDIBLE]
type of energy.
So I'm only the first page.
If you ever have a reading
or I would say consultation
through Skype,
face-to-face, with me,
boy, you better be ready.
Because everything is taped,
and I don't spare nobody.
You will see the old software.
You will see the snapshot of
all the stars above your head
when you reintegrated
and where the dragon is
and where the hidden dragon is.
So in fact, there
is a possibility
with your cosmic rhythm or
your lucky-unlucky window date
to know when you're going to
have a good time, when it's
time for you to sign a contract,
to travel safely, or do
anything, or pay the
price of your ignorance.
>>NOORY: You've talked
about the dragon before.
Exactly what does that mean?
>>TURI: This is-- the
dragon is an energy coming
from the constellation of Draco.
How do you explain the dragon?
Have you heard of the word
lunatic, moody, and crabby?
>>NOORY: Ah, yes.
>>TURI: All right.
So we all know that
during the full moon,
people are losing it.
The emergency services
are going out of order.
So we are all under
the power of the moon.
And the dragon is the
south and north node
of the moon on modern
astrology methodology.
But the way I use is
totally different.
Again, it's intuitive.
And this dragon, that's
the words that's many,
many disappeared civilization
give it to the dragon.
Even in Christian theology,
they talk about a dragon.
The only thing is, you only
see its tail, the night,
when I talk about the
head, which is light.
I talk about both.
So it's your option
how to apply your will.
Because the human will is
much stronger than the moon,
than Pluto, than the dragon,
and anything you want,
the part of you,
the part of God.
That's why you cannot separate
yourself from the creator.
Because you're part of
this humongous design.
This cosmic design
regulates your life.
As I said, it's insane that you
go out every day not knowing.
It's like, OK, today I'm
going to go out there.
I'm going to ignore completely
every single red light,
every single stop
sign, and then you
wonder why you're
going to end up dead.
That's what it comes down to it.
>>NOORY: Is the dragon
or good or bad thing?
>>TURI: He goes both ways.
If you have the dragon--
for example, like you and I,
we're both born in 1950.
>>NOORY: Sh!
>>TURI: 63 years old.
[LAUGHING] You and I,
we have the same dragon.
This Aries dragon wants you to
become a leader of the mind.
So you are going
to have things that
are going to happen
in your life,
where you're going to be put
in a position of leadership.
And this dragon also in
my case help me in terms
of scientifical discovery to
breach the limitation of what
science cannot perceive,
providing, of course,
they gave me a shot.
And let me prove to them.
>>NOORY: You interpret
your software.
And I think that's
the gift you have.
Because how many people
could look at that
and make the same
predictions that you do?
>>TURI: I don't know about this,
because if any of my students
who took my home cause
or physical course
are able to actually
do what I'm doing.
I'm not genius.
I'm just like you.
The only thing is, my forte
is to dig into the stars.
And I have been digging
through that since forever,
because it's all
written in the stars.
I blame my grandmother.
I blame my UFO
experiences that led
me to become Dr. Turi today.
But again, anybody
can do it-- anybody.
Every one of you can do it.
Just take the time.
>>NOORY: Have you
seen things, Louis,
that have even scared you?
>>TURI: Yes.
Yes.
Especially when it comes
to extraterrestrials.
I mean, oh, gosh,
even today I still
have-- facing three ETs above
6 feet tall in the middle
of nowhere in the French Alps--
you know my story, George.
And then ending
up with a headache
that I would never
wish to my worst enemy
and then disappeared the entire
night will get you scared.
And to this day,
I'm still upset.
Where the hell have I been?
What happened?
What did they do to me?
What happened to my head?
And that's just one of
the-- you know I had four.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
You've had four episodes.
>>TURI: And it's not light.
It's not a [? walking. ?]
It's actually
extraterrestrials talking to me,
dragging me in a flying saucer.
There's a lot of people out
there that talk about UFOs
and talk about-- but when
you're the real thing
and you have the
legacy-- because this
is the legacy of all the
extraterrestrials' brother
that I'm referring
at and offering you.
It is pretty scary.
>>NOORY: When you
make your predictions,
you make them during
certain date periods.
>>TURI: Correct.
>>NOORY: Explain that
and how that works.
>>TURI: OK, let me
bring you back to what
happened to me a few weeks ago.
Somebody went in my work and
put the date of July 7, 8, and 9
and were expecting
the end of the world.
And what I said is,
during those days,
expect earthquake above 6.0
that could create a tsunami.
Of course, we had
the 6.3 and the 7.2
on that date that I gave.
>>NOORY: Which was big.
>>TURI: And you can trace that.
I have it all very documented.
So the people who did not
read the rest of the story
do not understand
that I use quatrain,
that I use various
obvious keywords.
Their expectation
didn't match what
this guy did without my
permission and saying
that I got all
this from the Bible
when I use actually a software.
So it's understandable that
these people think I'm a loser,
I don't know what
I'm talking about,
I'm crazy, whatever it is.
You know how it is.
But the fact of
the matter is I'm
going to give you a set of dates
right now if you want me to,
George, and I want
you to remember.
OK?
July 22, and 23,
and 24, in August--
going to go all the way
to August 20, 21, and 22.
Now, way ahead of time, I
give you those ahead of time.
>>NOORY: And what could happen
during those what time periods?
>>TURI: What could
happen to you,
what could happen--
the dragon is
going to show a lot
of his nasty tail.
Now, you're talking
about earthquake--
>>NOORY: The bad part, then.
>>TURI: The key words
will be surprise.
The same type of
energy that took place
when President Obama was
elected-- the entire world was
shocked-- is coming back.
So the keywords are
surprise, shocking news,
of course, large earthquake,
the possibility of tsunami,
volcano.
All the details are on
my website at drturi.com.
If you click on
my posts, you can
read all that or if you
become a cosmic coder
and join the thousands of
people that follow my work.
>>NOORY: I never
liked surprises.
>>TURI: No.
Who does?
And immediately, the
next three or four days,
because of the judgment
that took place with Mr.
[INAUDIBLE], I'm expecting
some problems with the police.
I'm expecting some
problem with the Mob.
I'm expecting some dramatic
news and famous people to die.
I'm being very clear, and I
use those very strong words
so that I get your attention.
And all this is going
to happen because nobody
has cosmic consciousness,
and they do things
when they feel like.
Let me refer to one
of my compatriots
who does the same
work that I do.
I think yesterday he
was released from jail.
I can't remember his name.
But three people died in Sedona
in one of these meetings.
I'm sure you remember.
>>NOORY: Oh, yeah. yeah.
>>TURI: What I'm trying
to say is even though
that this gentleman
is very knowledgeable
and he ended up on Oprah
and is very successful,
he didn't have any
cosmic consciousness.
And he led people under a
very negative set of stars,
and three of them died.
So if you mess up with
the laws of the universe,
regardless who you are--
you can be the president,
you could be Dr.
Turi, George Noory,
or you-- you are going to
pay the price at the end.
That's why it's
very, very important
to understand your
relationship with the divine.
>>NOORY: Would it be smart,
Louis, for someone, a leader,
to tap into someone
like you and say, look,
I'm going to be doing this
over the next week or two.
What do you think?
>>TURI: This is
exactly what I didn't
want to hear from you, George.
The date of August
20, 21, and 22
will also be related
to President Obama.
OK, it is a must.
I mean, look at the
wise German people.
They did not know that
Hitler had terrible UCI
and so was Saddam Hussein.
The next thing you know,
they put these guys in power.
Look what happened.
Look at the price.
Look at the tears.
Look at the death.
Look at the drama.
The entire world had to suffer
because they put someone
who had the wrong stars.
And you get in power--
whoa, whoa, whoa.
Wait a minute here.
You don't do that.
Or if the president of any
country, not necessarily
President Obama, doesn't have
any cosmic consciousness,
but he becomes the
father of the country,
and you are under
his jurisdiction,
his decision is what's going
to come to you in terms
of karma or suffering and pain.
>> He doesn't like to
talk about this a lot,
but I think it's one of
the most remarkable things,
is a cancer survivor.
You fought cancer.
[APPLAUSE]
>>TURI: Thank you.
>>NOORY: And beat it.
Thank you, God.
>>NOORY: You did it with the
power of your mind, didn't you?
You did something.
>>TURI: Can I tell
you something, George?
When you face your
mortality, a lot of things
go through your head.
And when this happened
to me, I was in Thailand.
Nobody was with me-- not
my sweet, beautiful wife,
not my parents, not my friends.
I was just alone.
It was terrible, terrible.
But I said, God, my
mission is not over.
My mission to introduce you,
your spirits to humanity
and how you speak to his
children in this world
is not over.
Just don't let me go just now.
Then I went back home, and I did
my universal blood transfusion.
It's something I teach
my students for those who
are into homeopathic healing.
And it's all gone.
[APPLAUSE]
Thank you.
>>NOORY: Louis, when we
talk about the cosmic code,
for anybody out
here, for anybody
watching this program
right now, what
can they do to affect
their own lives,
to create their own timing?
Whether it's a relationship or
a new job or health matters,
how can they use this
to better themselves?
>>TURI: First of all,
as I said earlier, there
are no accidents, only
cosmic circumstances at work
that you do not
know and do not use.
You are pre-set,
and you're going
to be led, even protected,
if you follow your nativity.
That's why those three wise
men were following the stars
to watch the birth of Christ.
They were not just
kings, wise men.
They were astrologers.
And what they did is taught
Jesus the cosmic codes.
And from there, Jesus had his
apostles, the Twelve Apostles,
the 12th signs, the 12 months,
the 12 years, et cetera,
et cetera, to lead
on to his mission.
Sad enough, the Illuminati,
the greedy Illuminati in power,
do not want you to know,
because knowledge is power.
Ignorance is evil.
So if you understand the sign
that you were born under,
if you understand your
natal and hidden dragon;
the 10th house of career;
the second house of money
and self-esteem;
if you understand
your third house, which
regulate your mental process;
your fourth house, which
is your domesticity;
your fifth house, which
is the seat of attraction
between human being
and your creativity;
if you understand your service
to the world, your sixth house;
if you understand your seventh
house and so forth, which
is the house of
marriage and contract,
you'll know exactly
what's ahead of you.
And you can move.
You are allowed to
know your future.
Because this is
how God set it up.
In fact, he has [? enslaved ?]
every one of you
to uncover how he speaks
to you through the signs.
That's where I can help you
to go to the goldmine-- put
it this way.
Because when I arrived in this
country, George, you know,
in 1984, I only had
50 bucks in my pocket.
I didn't know nobody, nothing.
But I knew what my grandmother
told me, to never move
after the full moon.
And I touched this
wonderful, blessed ground
of the United States after the
new moon on my dragon's head.
And everything I've touched
since then turned gold.
If I can do it and enjoy the
American dream, why can't you?
It's all a matter of knowledge.
Knowledge is power.
Ignorance is wisdom.
>>NOORY: Well, you know
what some people say--
I'm not having a good day.
Things aren't
going right my way.
Are these influences that
are out of his control
or in his control?
>>TURI: Again, like you
mentioned earlier, you're
trying to go from A to B. And
regardless how much you plan,
you've got to have a problem.
When a plane crash,
we had two of those,
when train crashes, two of
those during this timing,
how much control do you
really have over the stars?
>>NOORY: Not much.
Not much.
>>TURI: This is what
I'm trying to say.
>>NOORY: You just
don't want to be there.
>>TURI: Exactly.
So you can control
your own destiny.
But you're a part of a grid.
If the grid is
not at your level,
you're going to have a problem.
You see, science is up here.
We have made an incredible
technological advancement.
We will go on the moon.
We have GPS.
We have the internet.
We're up here on the physical
realm of consciousness.
But in the spirit, we
are still 2,000 years ago
in deceptive, dogmatic
religious teaching.
The gap needs to be adjusted.
And that can be accomplished
with cosmic consciousness,
where not only you, but
the grid, that people that
are in power, the people that
are in charge of your life,
once they become cosmic
conscious, now we
are talking about a very,
very big difference.
It does not mean that
accidents will never happen,
because you will
never really know
the end of the story
on how to control it.
But you're going to
be given an option.
If I tell you the
"Titanic" is going
to sink that night
because I know
why, I looked
through my software,
you now have an option
to say, you're crazy,
you're going to jail, you're
a lunatic and laugh at me.
Or you can say, ah, guess what?
I'm going to take
another plane ticket
or I'm going to wait
another, better auspices.
The choice will be given to you.
At that point, you
have no choice.
You're part of the
grid that control you.
You're part of that structure.
You're part of a lack
of cosmic consciousness
that is terribly
costly to all of us.
>>NOORY: How many
people understand
this, the cosmic code?
>>TURI: My students.
>>NOORY: Your students.
Not a lot of people on
the outside, though.
>>TURI: No.
We are a very, very rare breed.
My students are made of anybody,
I mean, doctors, attorneys.
In fact, I had the psychiatrist
that told me, Dr. Turi, I
have learned more in
your crash course in one
week than seven
years in college.
That is a nice compliment
when you hear that.
>>NOORY: Do they run their
life, Louis, based on the code?
For example, will
the surgeon say,
this is not the day to operate.
I'm going to cancel things.
>>TURI: Look at the
Farmer's Almanac, George.
You heard of a Farmer's Almanac.
>>NOORY: Of course.
>>TURI: They don't plant
when they feel like.
When the moon is waxing,
you add that to the body.
When the mood is
waning, that's when
you want to try to
cut the cancer out
of a breast of a
woman, for example.
Because the moon
regulates women.
The moon regulates the breast.
But traditionally
educated doctors
do not know about those rules.
And they do things
any time they like.
It's like you, again, taking
your car at red light-- phooey.
A stop sign?
Forget it.
No, you cannot-- you must
not omit the universal laws.
Because nobody taught you
doesn't give you the right mess
those laws, because you got
to pay the penalty at the end.
And as I said
earlier, the matrix
is set, where you're a
part of that humongous
lack of cosmic consciousness.
So you will be in control
of your own decision,
your own life, your own
making, your own fate.
But you're still
within the matrix.
So you need to literally
educate everybody.
And that's what's next.
Because you like it or not,
life is a constant process
of changes.
And we are moving forward--
a little bit too slow,
[INAUDIBLE].
But we are moving there.
So all the people
that are dealing
with me and all my
students are going
to be teaching their children.
>>NOORY: Apostles everywhere.
>>TURI: You got it.
That's basically my
hope, my mission.
My mission is to free humanity
from fear and cosmic ignorance.
That's what I know from
the bottom of my heart.
>>NOORY: But there are forces
out there, as you said,
the Illuminati.
There are groups out there
who want to keep us down.
>>TURI: Yes.
>>NOORY: How do we battle that?
>>TURI: We are a very,
very powerful force
to be accounted for.
If everybody here in the studio
had cosmic consciousness,
imagine when they
start to talk and teach
their children or their friends.
>>NOORY: Powerful.
>>TURI: You can change things.
That's what life is, a
constant process of change.
Right now, the forces of
evil is leading this world.
And again, this is due
to the current dragon
in the sign of Scorpio.
This is why I predict the
restructure of the FBI.
I predict the IRS imploding
and auditing itself.
All this was predicted
a year before.
But if you don't
know my work, if you
don't have cosmic
consciousness, you're
not going to know
about what I'm doing.
But that's why you need to
be curious and take a chance.
Because there's a lot of
people who do what I do.
The only difference with me
is that is on TV with George.
It's, and you're there,
and you have the dates.
And now--
>>NOORY: There's a record.
>>TURI: That's what it is.
And all I have is
all well documented.
And I did signed, certified
mail to USGS, the Seismology
Institute in Pasadena, giving
exact date of earthquake
above 7.0.
Did they ever return my call?
>>NOORY: No.
>>TURI: I give very
specific prediction
on your show about how w can
undo-- or whatever it is.
I can't remember.
I even mentioned you would
be working on television,
remember?
>>NOORY: Katrina.
Mhm.
>>TURI: I said you'd be
working in television.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>TURI: What I'm
saying is we have
developed the relationship,
and we communicate.
So you know me, I know you.
But there's so many
people out there,
and that's where your mission
as a messenger of the God
comes to play.
Because now you are on a
road, you are an opening,
you are an option for
me to reach the media.
And to that, I say thank you.
>>NOORY: 2014-- how does it
look for all of us in general?
Give us some good news, huh?
>>TURI: I want to.
I want to.
There is a full restructure of
the legal system ahead of you.
Sad enough, there is the
Arian dragon coming up,
which means the Aries
energy, the Mars energy,
is going to lead the world.
Mars is called in Greek
mythology the lord of war.
It regulates anything that
is the animal instinct.
It regulates the war,
machinery, construction, fire.
It regulates anything
to do with identity.
So we're going to have a lot
of fights, separatism, race.
People have to learn, the world
has to learn we are bleed red.
It doesn't matter the
color of our skin, OK?
So this Arian dragon is
going to-- Aries was war.
That's what it comes down to.
It's at many, many levels.
So I see an incredible
restructure of the entire Navy
and the Army.
That's serious.
When I say the restructure--
>>NOORY: That's big.
>>TURI: Yeah.
When I say it--
you remember when
I said restructure of the US
economy back in 2007 in June
on your last show with me?
I think that was it.
Nobody heard me.
They understood me now.
They really got me.
When I talk about the
restructure of the FBI,
the CIA, and the IRS,
when I wrote this,
this type of important news must
be passed on to the media to be
prepared what's next, because
with things like Benghazi going
on, you cannot keep anything
secret for another year.
Anything and everything
that's under the table
will have to come to the light.
Because the current dragon is
called the Scorpius dragon.
It regulates metaphysics.
This is why there is
a tremendous interest
in metaphysics, a
tremendous drive
to understand what those who
are in power are doing to us.
So the dragon is
saying, OK, everything
that is under the blanket
will come to the light.
Does that include, of course,
the manipulation involving
in the financial
situation with the Vatican
or his right hand
showing up, all sort
of paperwork that
should be kept hidden.
That's why they fired the
old one and got a new pope.
The Illuminati are having fun,
and I believe the Illuminati
to a certain level have
[? lost ?] also [INAUDIBLE]
of cosmic consciousness.
So this next dragon, George,
is all about identity.
And it's going to put some
friction to those that are
the core white supremacists.
>>NOORY: We'll
watch it all unfold.
Let's take some more
questions for Dr. Louis Turi,
we talk about the cosmic code.
>>AUDIENCE: I'm an
osteopathic medical student,
and I was hoping you
could talk-- you touched
on this a little
bit before, but I
was hoping you could talk
a little more about how
we can use the
cosmic consciousness
in the field of medicine and
the healing arts in general.
>>TURI: That's a
very good question
I get a lot from
a medical student.
Each part of your body
is controlled by a sign,
starting with the head
that regulates the blood
flow, the amount of oxygen
going through the ramifications
of all these veins
holding your brain.
If you have the tail
of the dragon there,
you're going to have
chronic headaches.
You're going to
have eye problems.
You're going to have migraine.
If you have it on the heart,
you're prone to heart attack.
And it goes all the
way down from Aries,
which is your head,
to Taurus, which
is the neck, all the way down to
your lungs and your arms, which
is Gemini, down to the
elimination principle,
which is Virgo, to the
reproductive area, which
is Scorpio, all the
way down to Pisces,
which is where every
human being regenerates
through the magnetic
field of the Earth.
So when you spend a lot of
time on carpet, on wood floor,
on concrete floor, when your car
and your tire on the highway,
you are not connecting
with Mother Earth,
and that brings a lot of stress.
So you need to reconnect
with Mother Earth.
So you can also take the--
like I do, I have two big dogs.
But if you have a
horse, it's even better.
They don't wear shoes.
So you can hug them,
and they recharge you.
There is so much
information that
was used by disappeared
civilizations
before medicine started to
challenge the cosmic code
and God's creation.
All the disappeared
civilizations used the stars.
And this wisdom
should be available
to all medical students.
And [INAUDIBLE].
It doesn't have to say,
oh, this is ridicule,
this is [INAUDIBLE],
this is bull.
Uh-uh.
It is very real.
>>NOORY: Let's take another
question for Dr. Turi.
Yes, sir, way in the back.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes, is it possible
to use cosmic consciousness
for financial gain, like the
stock market or sports betting?
>>TURI: Ah, good one.
Yeah, I do work with
large corporations.
And it's not the one who's
going to bring the $150 million
that's going to be the most
beneficial for the corporation.
In fact, this person
may have the worst stars
and end up swallowing or
killing the corporation.
Yes, you can.
But as a rule--
as a rule-- you're
not supposed to use metaphysical
information for personal gain.
That's what I teach.
But you have to have
integrity, knowing
how to use it intelligently.
But again, if you
have the dragons set
on your eighth house
of corporate endeavors
in the sign of
Cancer, for example,
that will allow you to invest
in commodity, in estate,
and become the next Trump.
>>NOORY: What if you wanted
to make money to help people?
Is that different?
>>TURI: That's typical, George.
This is very, very
honorable indeed.
Yes.
In fact, you have to
give in order to receive.
And I'm offering two
of my books right now.
If you go to my
website, drturi.com,
you can download two
of my books for free.
So yes, you can use the stars to
plan in accordance to the rites
and ceremonies of
the cosmic code
to attract more people
in your mission.
It's all about planning.
Your life is all about planning.
The only question is, are you
planning with a cosmic code?
No, because nobody taught you.
That's why I'm here, right?
>>NOORY: Our friend Glynis
McCants, the Numbers Lady,
she says put a number
eight in your wallet ,
and you'll get financial gain.
So a friend of mine did that.
And he went to a casino,
and he won $1,000.
And he was just in shock.
So he decided he wanted to go
back the next day and do it,
and he lost it all.
[LAUGHING]
>>NOORY: And she said,
greed will do that to you.
You can't really do it that way.
>>TURI: Yeah,
mostly what happened
is that he went there during
one of these lucky dragon dates.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>TURI: That's what happened.
>>NOORY: And went the
wrong day he went back.
>>TURI: Exactly.
And he came back under his
negative and lost everything.
>>NOORY: You got to be careful.
>>TURI: You have to
understand your cosmic rhythm
and play with it.
And at that point when I
offer this service, which
is on the internet
just very fast--
you can have it for
the next 12 months.
I give you your cosmic
cycle, when you're up
and when you're down.
But I'm not telling you when
you're up or when you're down,
because I cannot do that.
I give you the date that
all I can guarantee you
that is not going to be a
very normal day at work.
>>NOORY: You give
them the window.
Let's take one of our
"Beyond Belief" Cam questions
for Dr. Louis Turi.
>> Hey, Dr. Turi.
This is Adam from Washington.
I was just wondering,
is your work
with the dragon and the cosmic
code always come easy to you?
>>NOORY: Well,
you studied a lot.
I mean, this hasn't come
easy to you, has it?
>>TURI: No, it is easy.
It's a reflex.
>>NOORY: Is it?
>>TURI: When I
teach my students,
they don't even know they learn.
I mean, I'm a terrible teacher.
>>NOORY: It's like
driving a car.
>>TURI: Exactly.
The only problem is,
I see these people
being like a brand-new Ferrari
and a 15-year-old driving
the car.
That's what I see.
Because they have no
cosmic consciousness.
But when I teach my student,
George, six or seven hours
a day, I don't let him breathe.
I don't want nobody
to make notes.
I want them to listen.
Because subconsciously-- and
I have my artwork, of course.
I have the visual, because
some people are visual,
not just audible.
And they are imprinting
the belt of the zodiac.
And I ask question, and
I lead them in a way
that they build a cosmic reflex.
Takes about a week.
Now, if you don't want
to do it physically,
you can take the home
course, but you end up
with the same result. It might
take a little bit longer.
It is not difficult at all.
It's like driving.
It becomes, like anything
else, a subconscious reflex.
>>NOORY: Let's take
another question
from the audience
for Dr. Louis Turi.
Yes, ma'am.
Most Most of my life,
people have said
that I've been very intuitive.
I've been able to predict
things before they happen,
or I've been able to meet people
and know right away I either
like them or I don't like them.
Does that have anything to do
with my cosmic consciousness?
>>TURI: Oh, indeed, indeed.
What month were
you born, if I may?
>>AUDIENCE: February.
>>TURI: Like me.
I was born in February.
February when?
>>AUDIENCE: 12th.
>>TURI: 12th.
OK.
Again, I do not
know your dragon,
because I don't want to
go into asking your age.
You don't ask that to a lady.
So I [INAUDIBLE] ask that.
>>AUDIENCE: I'm 52.
That's fine.
>>TURI: OK.
So you have the
head of the dragon
in Aquarius like Einstein.
And that's why Einstein
was able to psychically get
the answers of the
law of relativity.
So you are pre-set to
be-- you have a UCI,
and when the UCI is
not advanced-- I call
these guys the
skeptic, the atheist,
the agnostic, young souls-- then
your natural reaction will be,
anh!
Bull!
Pseudoscience!
They use the ridicule to
hide behind their stupidity
and their ignorance.
They're young souls.
But in your case, looking
at your chart right now,
you definitely have it all
as far as investigating
the cosmic codes.
With your dragon
set in Aquarius,
you are going to be
led into television
if you aim in that direction.
You're going to
channel information
from the cosmic code.
And because you are an Aquarius,
you belong to the future.
And that's why you have
to challenge yourself
from the past, especially the
affairs of love and romance
that can drag you
down a little bit.
>>NOORY: Louis, when someone
is born, when a baby is born,
can you basically tell
what that person's future
will be like based on that
time period that they're born?
>>TURI: This is where
I wish you could
talk to some of my
friends and clients
that I did the chart of the
children before they were born,
and they are going exactly where
I said they were going to go.
And I'm still
guiding these people
who are 18, 19, and 20 today.
Yes, you can.
You can.
As I said earlier, you
are related to your family
and to your children
genetically only.
But in the world of
the spirits, they
are not programmed like you.
They're not going
to think, create,
or be helped by God,
by the cosmic code,
to end up where
they're supposed to be.
So knowing all this, it's like
saving a hell of a lot of time
and that's where you belong.
Providing the matrix
works in your favor,
you will be at the right
time and right place.
So you may just end
up having a miserable
life when you can actually own
and enjoy an incredible life.
But if you're not
curious, you're
going to pay the price
of that ignorance.
You need to take chances.
>>NOORY: Why are so
many people fascinated
with cosmic codes, astrology,
the planets, the alignments?
>>TURI: We are moving towards
the end of the age of Pisces,
the end of religion, the
end of dogmatic teaching.
Humanity is raising his
own spiritual vibration
to a higher speed,
which is the promotion
of the age of Aquarius.
That's why I was
born in February.
The cycle, the cosmic
code cycle, is eternal.
I can work, like
I give you dates,
for weeks and months or years
or centuries of millennia.
It's mathematics.
>>NOORY: When a comet
enters the solar system,
does that affect any of this?
>>TURI: What I know directly
from the extraterrestrial
is that when they built
our solar system, George,
they put in place the
biggest planet of all.
It's called Jupiter.
And its gravitational
forces will always, always
attract debris before
they hit Earth.
And you can verify this
with the Shoemaker comet.
>>NOORY: Sure.
We lucked out on that one.
>>TURI: This is too far.
We have a solar system.
I mean, you have NASA, you
have all the scientists
trying to send somebody
on Mars or to deal
with all these things.
I think Mother Earth
is depleting real fast.
We should concentrate
on our own spaceship.
on Mother Nature.
We should concentrate
on educating humanity
to be responsible,
to be honorable,
to respect each other.
I wouldn't worry about
planets or comets.
They discover a planet
every single day.
I mean, they would never
give you the exact timing
for an earthquake.
I do, and it's free,
not with all your tax.
I mean--
[LAUGHTER]
>>NOORY: Are you excited
about our future?
Ah, I didn't like that grimace.
What does that mean?
>>TURI: OK, my
wife and I, we have
decided not to have children.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>TURI: All right.
>>NOORY: For a specific
reason because of the future?
>>TURI: You're-- right.
You always come up with things
I don't want to talk about.
But it's OK.
>>NOORY: I always come up with
things people want to hear.
>>TURI: Yeah.
That goes with it, yeah.
Only you do that.
But what I'm saying, George,
we have such little time
of no return.
I mean, look at the facts.
Looks what's going on
with the rainforests.
Look what's going on with
the disaster, the intensity.
I mean, do you deny that?
It's there.
>>NOORY: Are you
saying that there's
a poor future for all of us?
>>TURI: We have 50 years.
>>NOORY: And then what?
>>TURI: We turn everything
around before then,
or it's the last age that
we're going to experience.
>>NOORY: A planet killer?
>>TURI: No.
No, no.
Mother Earth--
>>NOORY: A human killer.
>>TURI: [ ?
Mother Earth has reversed ?
] many, many times before,
and she'll do it again.
She's like a big dog when
she's fed up with fleas.
No, I'm not talking about that.
I'm talking about
self-destruction,
humanity's self-destruction.
>>NOORY: See, I'm
convinced this planet
replenishes itself
and does whatever
it has to do to do that.
>>TURI: Exactly.
That's where now you're bringing
the superconscious in time
and space in reference to
what I was saying earlier.
The more we communicate,
the more we educate people,
the more we think positively,
then we are not doomed.
God didn't put us on Earth
to end a terrible life.
But as it stands now with
no cosmic consciousness,
the gap between science,
faith, metaphysics, spirits
and science, the
agnostic, the skeptic,
the atheist is widening.
And it's so very
important to bring me back
to college, university
and to start
to educate the children
and the parents
right away on the
spiritual values
so they don't start to
immediately think, eh,
what am I here for?
A child has to swallow 2,000
years of human evolution
in a few years.
That's a lot of stress.
But who is there to tell
them who am I, Dr. Turi?
Where I am I coming from?
What's ahead of me?
They don't regenerate
spiritually.
All they have in
the Bible, they're
going to end up in hell if
they don't fear their God.
Uh-uh.
It doesn't work that way.
So we need to bring that back.
Then we have 50 years to do so.
So I'm not saying
we're all gone.
But the reason why
I don't want child
is I don't know if I'm going to
be able to fulfill my mission.
Because I'm already 63.
>>NOORY: If you
had an opportunity
to talk to the world
on television or radio,
what would you tell them?
>>TURI: I would tell
them [? possible ?]
not to lose faith.
I would tell them to reevaluate
Jesus' ministry, which
was to introduce our
Father in the heavens,
or the cosmic codes.
And I would tell
them to be prepared
to handle their own future.
Because again, we
are not doomed.
We just have a
certain time to do it.
And I see 50 years.
That's what I see through the
cosmic codes' [? readings, ?]
ceremonies.
>>NOORY: A window.
>>TURI: Yeah.
We can do it, though.
We can do it.
But that's why, as I said, the
teachers is very, very rare.
The teachers who have cosmic
consciousness out there
are very, very rare.
In fact, the people that are
the expert in their fields,
will it be in UFOs or
anything else, very often
are the least knowledgeable.
When you look at the
pope, for example,
I mean, in respect
to the pope himself,
he doesn't have any
cosmic consciousness.
In talking about
President Obama,
I know all those leaders.
In every branch of
the human experience,
those leaders don't have
cosmic consciousness.
It's scary, very scary
to somebody like me
who knows how this energy can be
used to help us beat all hearts
or just self-destruct.
That's what it comes down to.
>>NOORY: But the possibility
of self-destructing is there.
>>TURI: It is there.
>>NOORY: I mean, you when you
look at these events-- I mean,
the weather patterns are
worse than they've ever been.
The tragedies are worse
than they've ever been.
The hatred is worse
than it's ever been.
Yet you still think we've
got a chance to fix this?
>>TURI: Yes, I do.
Evil is right in the world right
now because last few years,
the dragon was not
compatible to help progress.
Only this year, this dragon
is forcing people to wake up.
It's forcing the [? IRS ?]
to get his own wake-up call,
the government, the
FBI, things that I
have made him my prediction.
>>NOORY: They won't
change easily, though.
>>TURI: No, no.
Because the system
is set that way.
But as I said, we are forced
to [? recant ?] [? war. ?] And
today is Quatorze
Juillet in France.
You know that, yes?
>>NOORY: I don't speak French.
>>TURI: It is the 4th
of July in France today.
>>NOORY: Aha.
>>TURI: So it is a very
special day for me.
It's like you celebrating
your 4th of July.
Today is the 4th
of July in France.
The 1789 when all the
French king cut the neck off
of Marie Antoinette and King 16.
The 16 because they
were abusing them.
Do we have to do
that to make change?
That's what we did.
>>NOORY: Well, you see what's
happening worldwide right now.
People are upset.
People are demonstrating,
civil unrest.
>>TURI: They are waking up.
>>NOORY: And it's
growing, and it's growing.
>>TURI: They are waking up.
They're getting a wake-up call.
The power is facing the power.
The power structure of the
matrix is facing the people.
>>NOORY: Louis, people
want to get a hold of you.
Where do they find you?
>>TURI: Drturi.com.
You could become a
cosmic coder, be part
of the thousands of people.
Just go to my website
and look at it.
There's a lot of good
thing for you to enjoy.
And I'll be there
for you anytime.
>>NOORY: Let's hear it.
Dr. Louis Turi right
here on "Beyond Belief."
[APPLAUSE]
>>TURI: Thank you.
Thank you very much.
>>NOORY: Louis,
thank you so much.
>>TURI: My pleasure.
>>NOORY: Always a pleasure.
You did a great job.
[THEME MUSIC]